Meta Realty Privacy Policy

1\. Introduction Meta Realty

This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, disclosure, and
protection of personal data in compliance with Malaysia’s Personal Data
Protection Act 2010 (PDPA).

By using our Services including website, mobile apps, agent portals, and
offline services, you consent to the practices outlined below.

2\. Definitions

\- “Personal Data”: Information that identifies you (e.g., name, NRIC,
contact details).

\- “Processing”: Any operation performed on Personal Data (e.g.,
collection, storage).

\- “Services”: Property sales/purchases, rentals, valuations, agent
matching, and mortgage referrals.

3\. Information We Collect

We collect data directly from you and automatically through your use of
our Services:

3.1 Directly Provided Data

\- Identification: Full name, NRIC/passport number, date of birth. -
Contact: Address, email, phone number.

\- Financial: Bank details (for transactions), income proof (for
mortgage referrals). - Property Preferences: Budget, location, type of
property (e.g., residential, commercial).

\- Agent Interactions: Records of communications with agents via our
platform.

3.2 Automatically Collected Data

\- Technical: IP address, device ID, browser type, operating system. -
Usage: Pages visited, search history, time spent on listings.

\- Cookies: See Section 8 for details.

3.3 Third-Party Sources

\- Developers/Agents: Property listings and transaction histories.

\- Credit Agencies: Credit checks (with consent for mortgage services).

4\. Purposes of Processing We process your data to:

\- Facilitate Transactions: Match buyers/sellers, process rental
agreements, and arrange valuations.

\- Marketing: Send property alerts, market reports, and promotional
offers (opt-out via \[unsubscribe link\]).

\- Legal Compliance: Verify identities (Anti-Money Laundering laws),
respond to court orders.

\- Improve Services: Analyze user behavior to enhance app/website
functionality.

Legal Basis: Consent (for marketing), contractual necessity (for
transactions), legal obligations.

---

5\. Data Sharing and Disclosure We share data only as necessary:

5.1 Third Parties

\- Agents/Developers: To fulfill property inquiries (e.g., sharing buyer
contact details with listing agents).

\- Service Providers:

> \- IT Vendors: Cloud hosting providers (e.g., AWS).
>
> \- Payment Processors: Stripe, PayPal (for transaction fees).
>
> \- Marketing Partners: Email service providers (e.g., Mailchimp).

\- Authorities: Law enforcement, BOVAEP, or Lembaga Hasil Dalam Negeri
(tax compliance).

5.2 Business Transfers

In mergers, acquisitions, or asset sales, customer data may be
transferred as a business asset.

---

6\. International Data Transfers

Your data may be transferred to and stored in countries outside Malaysia
(e.g., Singapore or AWS global servers). We ensure safeguards such as:

\- Data transfer agreements compliant with PDPA.

\- Third-party certifications (e.g., ISO 27001).

---

7\. Data Security

We implement measures including:

\- Encryption: SSL/TLS for data in transit.

\- Access Controls: Role-based access for staff. - Audits: Regular
penetration testing.

Breach Notification: We will notify the PDPA Commissioner and affected
users within 72 hours of a confirmed breach.

8\. Cookies and Tracking Technologies We use:

\- Essential Cookies: Session management (e.g., login authentication). -
Analytics Cookies: Google Analytics to track page views.

\- Advertising Cookies: Facebook Pixel for retargeting ads.

Manage preferences via browser settings or our Cookie Consent Banner.

9\. Data Retention

We retain your data only as long as necessary:

\- Transactions: 7 years (to comply with tax laws). - Marketing Data:
Until consent withdrawal.

\- Inactive Accounts: Deleted after 2 years of inactivity.

10\. Your PDPA Rights You have the right to:

1\. Access: Request a copy of your data.

2\. Correct: Update inaccurate/incomplete details.

3\. Delete: Request erasure (subject to legal requirements). 4. Withdraw
Consent: Opt out of marketing.

5\. Data Portability: Receive your data in a machine-readable format.

Process: Submit a request to our Data Protection Officer (DPO) via
\[dpo@metaasset.com\]. We will respond within 21 days under PDPA.

11\. Children’s Privacy

Our Services are not directed at minors under 18. If we inadvertently
collect a minor’s data, it will be deleted promptly.

12\. Third-Party Links Our website may link to:

\- Government Portals: e.g., LHDN tax portal.

\- Banks/Insurers: For mortgage/insurance applications. We are not
responsible for their privacy practices.

13\. Policy Updates

Changes will be posted on our website. Material changes (e.g., new data
uses) will be notified via email.

14\. Contact Us

Data Protection Officer:

\- Email: \[dpo@metaasset.com\]

\- Address: 8B, Jalan kenari 5,Bandar Puchong Jaya, Malaysia - Phone:
\[0126698357\]

Appendix: Cookie Categories

||
||
||
||
||
||

--

Notes for Implementation:

1\. Replace placeholders (e.g., addresses, links) with Meta Realty’s
actual details. 2. Include a cookie consent banner on the website for
user preference management.

3\. Train staff on PDPA compliance, especially agents handling client
data.

4\. Conduct a Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA) for high-risk
processing activities.
